that the cashless and vault is deployed in tandem or together with the rest of the membership module or the base membership. We're also making the assumption that this is a new location, we're setting up, never been added to the system, never been a location before, they're starting a new location and they want to install membership, put machines, put SMIB. So that means there's no like previous cashers, there's no previous vault managers, those will be assigned and created as we go along.
We're specifically looking at the vault manager role and their functions. Okay, so with those things out of the way, let's start off. So the first thing and the most simple thing is the, we'll do the dashboard last, so we'll skip that for now, and then we'll move it on to the vault manager, like menu item or high level item.
So the first thing we see is your ships. So by default, ship with membership, we could have, we would have created some vault manager accounts in the system. So when a vault manager sign in, all they could really see is your ships, everything else should be grayed out because they shouldn't be able to interact with the system unless they're on an active ship.
They could only have one active ship at a time as well. So they could go to your ships, they can see all their previous ships, and if they click into any one of their previous ships, they could almost see like a activity log of what occurred during their ship, like they could see they approve this close request for this casher, or they could see that they paid expenses for the vault in this amount. It's almost like an activity log, like user logs or user audits of what occurred, right? They can start a new shift and that's effectively it.
However, because this is a new location, there's technically no proverbial quote unquote vault created for this location. So what would happen is that you need to go into the reconcile vault option where they would click reconcile vault and they would put in the starting figures for the vault. I wouldn't say this would be the only time they actually have to count the money in the vault, but this would be the time that they would probably have to do it.
Like you can't start a location and not know how much money and denomination of that money is in the vault, right? So they would go to reconcile vault, they would basically set up the vault with the starting amount. After that, there is no cashers in the system. Since we want to offload the admin tasks on us as E1, we want to give the vault manager the ability to manage their quote unquote fleet of cashers.
So they could go into manage cashers, they could create a casher account, and they would be able to effectively manage that casher from that perspective, right? And they could create some default password, and then the casher could, when they log in for the first time, they could reset their password so that the vault manager cannot pretend to be the casher. What we could also do is the vault manager could see a history of the casher shifts, because inherent trust is placed on the vault manager, considering they're managing the vault of all things. But the cashers may not be as trustworthy.
So the vault manager can see a history of the casher shifts, and if they click into the casher shift, they can see an activity log that that casher performed, whether it be payouts, float increases or float decreases, et cetera. And then the casher request is now like a casher signed in, they want a float increase, so they could see those requests and either approve or deny or edit it in the casher request section. Now, as you see, there's a lot of aspects to the vault manager that requires them to get constant feedback and notifications.
So what I'm thinking we could do as well is on their dashboard, we can maybe have like a table or maybe some other format that we could show them their pending notifications, because some locations may have multiple cashers at the same time, but locations may not. It should also be pointed out that only one vault manager could be active at a location for a specific time period, or multiple cashers could be active. Sometimes when a casher gives a float, when a casher enters their shift and it doesn't balance, and the vault manager needs to sort out all of those aspects, they can get the notifications easily on their dashboard.
In the case of the shift not balancing, what will happen is they'll get a notification on the dashboard, they can click on casher shifts, they will see a status of the shift saying like pending review or pending closing or something like that. You could create your own status code, system track, all those different things, and the vault manager could see what the issue is. In this case, like the casher, our system calculated is supposed to end with $2,000, but they only put in $1,900.
So the vault manager could now figure out what the issue is, put a little comment, and click close shift on the casher's behalf. What a vault manager should also be able to do is edit the closing values of that shift. So for example, the casher put $1,900, the vault manager says let me count that money myself, they counted $2,000, they change in $1,900 to $2,000, they shift balance, they close it off.
So that's basically the day-to-day operations of this thing. So at the end of the day, the vault manager needs to do an end-of-day report, which is basically making sure all the casher shifts are closed. A vault manager cannot close their shift while there are active cashers.
So they would need to make sure all the casher shifts are closed, they would need to either perform or take out all the money from the machines, or they don't have to take out all the money from all the machines, but they may choose to empty some machines. So they need to state which machines those are and how much they take out and things like that. And then they need to tally all of that and make sure that it registers as going into the vault itself.
And then another scenario is like, maybe during the day, the vault is low and they need money, they can do a soft count report, which is like, I see customers putting a lot on that particular machine, I want to do a soft count on it, which I think is basically them opening the machine, counting up all the physical cash in it, taking it out, and then resetting the machine for the customers. And now they move that money into the vault so that way they can now have extra flow to give to their casher and whoever else. After a number of days, we see that a major part of the spec is being able to track the amount of money in the vault.
We're making the assumption that the amount of money is so large in the vault that it's impractical for the vault manager to tally it up at the start and end of their shift every day. So what we have done instead is we've noted the size and the denomination at the start when the vault was created. And every time money gets taken out or added to the vault, we have also noted that denomination.
So technically speaking, just by that transaction set of records, we can keep track of what is supposed to be in the vault. Given the nature of Guyana and just accounting in general, there will be a deviation after a given amount of time. So that's what the reconciled vault is also supposed to fix.
It's like maybe a month has gone past, the vault manager says the number that the system is telling me and what I know to feel like having my vault isn't really lining up, so I want to physically count the money. And she realizes that it's $100 short. So she can click reconcile vault, input the new value of what the vault currently is, and then have a little comment as to why there was a difference.
And then that new value will now be treated as a new starting value to do all the future transactions from. And that's effectively the vault manager rule in a nutshell. Okay.
I must say that a lot of information that was left out there. Well, that I didn't wasn't aware of, sorry. So thanks for that.
But at the end, you say that's the vault manager's rule. So what about the cashier's rule? Of course, I know you mentioned a bit of cashier, but is there like any more in-depth details you have to give about a cashier's rule or did you really just mean the vault manager's rule? So I would say a cashier's rule is pretty constrained. So cashiers obviously can't create their own accounts that need to be created by the vault manager or someone else.
The important part is for the cashier to reset their password when they first log in. Cashiers have two main operations, which is payouts, which is the customers, and they have float requests. So that could be either float increase or float decrease.
We've already talked at length of how that float request workflow is supposed to do, so you don't really need to get into that. The payouts can come in two formats. The payouts can come in two formats.
So it's either a customer gives them a ticket and the payout via the amount on the ticket, or the customer gives them, or the machine locks up and goes to hand pay. They see the hand pay amount on the machine and they pay out the customer to that amount as well. They will also have shifts.
They must state their opening float. They must state the denominations for the float increase, float decrease, and they must count their closing float. If the cashier, and from the same reason with the vault, you can track once you know the opening float and all the transactions that occur, you can effectively calculate any background while the closing float is supposed to be.
So the cashier, when they enter that final value, if it doesn't line up with the system, we should throw an error. Well, we should throw an error and let the vault manager know that they need to review it, but and let the cashier know that the shift is pending for review. So their shift hasn't been closed as yet.
It's important that the cashier doesn't know or doesn't see the amount that their shift is supposed to close with. For any reason, let's say our system says you're supposed to close your shift with $100, but the cashier has like $500 in the account, they would be tempted to just put $100 and pocket the extra $4. I don't know how a scenario like that can occur, but just avoid the temptation on the float.
We shouldn't allow the cashiers to see the closing amount. Outside of that as well, it's pretty basic. Multiple cashiers could be active at the same time.
At a given location, but they will not share the same floats. Each cashier has their own float assigned to them that they have to manage. That's about it, I would say.
Okay. All right. I think that's pretty much it.
I think what I'll do is I'll just, I'll review the video. I'll take notes from it. I'll send it to Max.
Now we could work on the diagram from the afterwards. Sounds good. Sounds good.
Oh, yes. Yes.